# CS230---Software-Design-Document
Software design document breaking down requirements of The Game Room's Draw it or Lose it game

The Gaming Room (TGR), wanted us to remake their game Draw it Or Lose it for use across multiple platforms VIA a web browser instead of exclusively thru Android. Doing this ultimately opens the game across multiple markets. I feel like one of the things that I did fairly well was give critical analysis on TGR’s desire to open the game across multiple browsers instead of opening it up to popular browsers, i.e. Chrome, Safari and Edge, and then waiting to see how it did on the market before possibly investing more time energy and effort into compatibility with browsers that may not be worth investing the time energy and effort into, keeping the role as a consultant firm in the forefront. I in my document I also feel like I identified different tools that are used in the development of software, not just code related. If I were to revise anything on this, it would be to not view this topic thru my own Windows OS bias. I have been using Windows for some time now and recommending a system to host and develop and application on that I’ve been using for nearly 30 some od years seems superficial. I am just not familiar enough with Linux to really make that call though. Plenty of people develop in Linux.  Moving on from here, interpreting what the user needed when developing this software is key as it defines their requirement for what they want it to do and how they want it to function. If you simply ignored what they needed, then they would go elsewhere. I the next time I work on something like this again I would do so with a bit more working knowledge of Linux and Mac so I don’t give the client a one sided view. Even though Each operating system functions the same, and they have similar tools to use for development, keeping an open mind helps people make the right choices.
